Update msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md (#88263)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/msal-net-token-cache-serialization.md

#### Distributed caches

> If you use `app.AddDistributedTokenCache`, the token cache is an adapter against the .NET `IDistributedCache` implementation. So you can choose between a SQL Server cache, a Redis cache, an Azure Cosmos DB cache or any other cache implemeting the [IDistributedCache](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.caching.distributed.idistributedcache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `app.AddDistributedTokenCache`, the token cache is an adapter against the .NET `IDistributedCache` implementation. So you can choose between a SQL Server cache, a Redis cache, an Azure Cosmos DB cache, or any other cache implementing the [IDistributedCache](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.caching.distributed.idistributedcache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) interface. 
```

If you use `app.AddDistributedTokenCache`, the token cache is an adapter against the .NET `IDistributedCache` implementation. So you can choose between a SQL Server cache, a Redis cache, an Azure Cosmos DB cache or any other cache implemeting the [IDistributedCache](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.caching.distributed.idistributedcache?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) interface. 

> Here's the code for a distributed in-memory token cache:

Reviewer: why did you remove this paragraph, @bgavrilMS ?

Author: I removed it because we should not suggest folks to use DistributedMemoryCache, this is just another memory cache on top of the L1, so you'll end up with 2 L1 caches. 

DistributedMemoryCache is a dumb implementation of IDistributedCache, useful for testing only. 

Other L1 options are shown in previous paragraph.
